We read dozens of U.
S.
top investors' reports every day, and eventually found that they all pointed to
a highly deterministic conclusion.
In the next six months to a few years, the light-transmission market will see
an explosive growth.
To put it bluntly, it's using light to transmit data.
With the rise in computing demand in the AI data center, when the GPU cluster
extends from hundreds to thousands, the same-line transmission data is not
enough, and must be light-transmitted.
We have repeatedly emphasized this in the previous videos.
If you are interested, you can take a look.
At the same time, light-transmission technology itself is also continuously
upgrading.
The key path is very clear.
From 800 light modules to 1.
6T, and further upgraded to 3.
2T, this upgrade wave will systematically drive the entire industry chain up and
down.
Therefore, the U.
S.
stock investment network will systematically dismantle the core link of the
light-transmission industry chain for fans who support it for a long time.
Start with the key parts and deeply dismantle them one by one, and add the
corresponding U.
S.
stock code.
Not only to help you establish a complete cognitive system, but also to help
you grasp the real investment opportunity and achieve a double harvest of
knowledge and income.
Looking back at the last video, we precisely gave AMD the prediction of the
next Invader AI hardware billion-dollar giant.
At that time, our core judgment was that the market began to turn from the
designated GPU to the CPU plus GPU plus memory whole set of data center
architecture.
And AMD, based on its key position in this architecture, is naturally the
biggest winner.
As a result, in just a few days, AMD's stock price directly broke through $330,
verifying this judgment.
In fact, in July last year, we listed AMD as a must-buy stock.
When the VIP community started planting AMD at $128.
4.
Okay, without further ado, let's get to know the light-transmission industry
chain together.
Light-transmission, you can imagine it as a high-speed information highway.
Light is the road, and light signals are the data flowing on it.
But there is a problem.
We don't actually understand light inside the device, which is the TV world.
And there is a very realistic limit to the signal.
Running far is a big loss.
Speed ​​also has a ceiling.
So as long as the data has to run far and fast, it must enter the light world.
At this time, the light module appears.
You can think of it as a translator.
At the sending end, it translates the signal into a light signal, sending the
data to the high-speed road of light.
At the other end, the light signal is translated back to the power signal, and
the server continues to process it.
So the whole process is electricity, light, transmission, light, electricity.
And because of this transition, data can achieve high-speed, low-loss
transmission.
In other words, the light module solves the problem of whether it can be
transmitted, how fast and how far it can be transmitted, and whether the cost
is controllable.
After understanding the function of the light module, let's look at its form.
For a long time, the appearance of the light module is very simple.
A small white box, eight fingers, is inserted in front of the exchanger.
If it's broken, just pull it down and change it.
But after the AM model broke out, this old method hit the two-degree wall,
distance and power consumption.
The problem is that the power signal starts from the chip inside the exchanger.
How many centimeters do you have to walk on the circuit board to reach the
light module on the front panel?
A few centimeters sounds short, right?
But at 800G, 1.
6T, this speed, these few centimeters become the most expensive part of the
road.
The signal is decelerating all the way.
You have to let it run.
You can only keep refueling.
That is, the processing rate.
What is the result?
The electricity bill soars, the heat dissipation pressure explodes.
What should I do?
The idea is actually very simple.
Either move the light engine to the side of the chip, or simply remove the most
power-consuming part.
There are several new routes in the current industry.
The first is called CPO.
Full name, Joint Package Lighting.
Its approach is to solder the light engine and the exchanger chip on the same
board.
The path of the power signal is shortened from a few centimeters to
millimeters.
The loss is small.
The power consumption has dropped by 50%.
The future 1.
6T, 3.
2T, all rely on it.
The drawback is that it is not easy to maintain, because it is dead.
The second one is called LPO.
Linear Drive Plug-in Lighting.
It retains the convenience of the traditional plug-in, but it has been
simplified.
Remove the most power-consuming DS chip directly from the module.
Let the exchanger chip drive the light module.
The power consumption is reduced by half.
The cost has also dropped.
Short-distance transmission is enough.
The third one is called NPO.
Joint Package Lighting.
It is a folding solution.
The light engine is not soldered to the chip, but placed closer to the chip.
The transmission distance is short, but it can still be pulled down to
maintain.
The power consumption has dropped by 30% to 40%.
It is cheaper than CPO.
The landing is also fast.
Google has already had tens of millions of orders in 2026.
There is also XPO like Aristotel.
It is essentially an interchangeable enhanced version.
Use night cold to solve super high heat dissipation problems.
If CPO and LPO are exploring how to save electricity by converting light to
electricity, OCS simply does not turn.
It has a bunch of tiny mirrors inside.
The signal comes in is light and goes out is light.
The mirror reflects the direct physical direction.
Because it does not involve complex power signal processing, the power
consumption and delay are almost zero.
And no matter how fast the upgrade is, this hardware can be used.
Google's current AI collection can run so fast.
It depends on OCS to open the light path to a large extent.
To sum up, the short-term LPO and NPO, the enhanced version of the 800G 1.
6T market, and the mid-term CPO, break through the physical power consumption
limit.
And from a long-term system architecture, OCS, this full-light exchange, is the
ultimate killer that really recalculates the mid-performance ratio of
computing.
Do you feel a little dizzy by a bunch of names here?
CPO, NPO, 800G, 1.
6T.
Not to mention ordinary investors, even a lot of people in the industry
sometimes have to stop and think about it.
At this time, don't be misled by the names.
We don't need to go into the technical corner, but to jump out of these short
comings, and think about the upper, middle, and lower frames of the industry
chain.
It's like building a building.
You don't have to study how to burn bricks on each floor, but you have to see
clearly who is controlling the foundation, structure, and top floor.
The most valuable thing is always the top and bottom.
The logic is very simple.
Whoever has the pricing power of the core parts, whoever takes the biggest
piece of the cake in the industry.
The AI data center is moving from 800G to 1.
6T, and even 3.
2T.
In the cost of light modules, the cost of light chips and electronic chips has
already reached more than 60% of BOM.
And these chips have been expanding for two or three years.
Invidia and other giants have locked their production capacity to 2028 by huge
investments and long-term orders.
The demand is here.
So in this framework, you only need to keep an eye on two core roles, light
chips and electronic chips.
Light chips are the heart of the module, responsible for the conversion of
electricity and light.
The cost accounts for more than half.
The most important thing in the electronic chip is DSP.
It is the brain responsible for the compensation and correction of high-speed
signals.
The cost accounts for 15% to 30%.
The capacity of the upstream chip can exceed 60%, and the capacity of the
downstream module is usually only 20% to 30%.
It is also easy to be squeezed by the supply chain.
Since these two links have a lot of profit and the highest position, just find
the dragon head.
When you see this, you already know how much time and effort we have put into
this video.
If you think you have gained, please give us a thumbs up for our hard work.
Let's talk about the field of electronic chips first.
Botong and Marvel have combined to occupy more than 80% of the market.
Botong is the absolute boss.
It is not only the world's leader in DSP, but also the first TORS DSP with 400G
per channel on OFC 2026.
It directly supports 1.
6T low-power modules, and has a base for 3.
2T and 204.
8T exchange platforms.
More importantly, Botong is a full-fledged layout in terms of oscillation and
CPU light engine.
Both supply and demand have set rules.
Google's TPU and NVIDIA's neural network can't live without its custom ASIC.
The market share is up to 90%.
For investors, the logic is clear.
The larger the AI group, the higher the DSP power consumption and signal
integrity.
It directly determines the entire system's upper limit.
Botong uses a 5nm, 3nm linear process to ensure that the price is fully
suppressed above 1.
6T.
The AI network has become its second major epidemic.
Marvel has integrated high-end DSP and optical chips It has formed an equal
double-headed pattern with Botong.
In 2026, Marvel is expected to receive about $110 billion.
By 2027, it will accelerate to $150 billion.
In March this year, NVIDIA directly invested $2 billion and pulled Marvel into
its own NVLink Fusion platform to upgrade it from an ordinary supplier to a
strategic partner.
In other words, Marvel is like a mini version of Botong.
Under the plan of cloud-based self-reliant chips, its valuation is being re-e
valuated.
And as early as March this year, the VIP community took over Marvel with 33% in
$8 billion.
So far, revenue has doubled this Thursday.
Let's look at the light chip field, LITE and COHR.
The two companies monopolize the market of high-end EML and zero-noise laser
more than 90%.
LITE is a global leader.
High-end EML laser chips account for more than 50% to 60%.
The mainstream 800G 1.
6T light module on the market is mostly based on it.
A 1.
6T module requires 8 200G per channel EML.
What's more, LITE has expanded from selling chips to selling light engines.
From a supplier to a price-buying participant.
Iwata and Google locked its production capacity to 2028 with a long list.
Revenue is expected to triple.
BNP predicts that its share price may exceed $1,000.
The logic is very hard.
The AI group needs millions of lasers.
And LITE's zero-noise capacity is extremely scarce.
The entire supply chain can't get around it.
COHR is an all-powerful player.
It has all the technology you need.
Iwata also invested $21 billion in development and production expansion in
March this year.
COHR is recommending 6-inch zero-noise production lines.
It can double the capacity.
The cost will decrease by 50%, and the grain rate will increase significantly.
Has gradually realized asset replacement.
Its stock price has risen by 300% in the year.
The logic behind it is also straightforward.
Light-learning internet is becoming the greatest bottleneck for the AI group.
With COHR's capacity investment attacking scale-sizing points, it binds Iwata's
EML route map Ensure that the penetration rate above 1.
6T continues to rise But if you think that the upstream is here Then you missed
the bottom role, GLW It doesn't make chips or DSP But it controls the light-
transmitting material at the bottom of the material, light fiber All light
signals will eventually run on light fiber The cost of light fiber performance
is directly attributed to the foundation of the entire industry In other words,
no matter how advanced the chip and module above are Without light fiber to
carry, this system can't run at all Those who often watch our channel will not
be unfamiliar with GLW is one of the coins we bought in 2026 We found it as
early as $85.
33 Then the VIP community completed the re-entry near $125 on March 9 Profit has
doubled Let's take a look at the mid-range If the upstream determines the
performance of the upstream What the mid-range determines is whether it can
deliver stably Grain rate, mass production slope, system stability From 800G to
1.
6T The light module is no longer a few parts But to put the light chip, power
chip, packaging, heat dissipation, PCB Test all integrated into a set of mass
production plan Who integrates well, who can get the big customer's bill If the
integration is not good, it can only go to the low-end market to fight the
price The most valuable in the upstream is those companies that do not sell
parts but directly sell the system Botong's role in the upstream is no longer a
simple DSP supplier But a standard maker He sells the exchange chip while
pushing the CPU light engine forward Many times the customer is not choosing
him, but following his rhythm Mavo's approach is more platform-oriented Through
DSP and reference design Standardize the 1.
6T development process Help customers grab the window of time CEOHR is directly
downloaded from the upstream light chip Not only can you get a complete light
module and light engine Also take down the advantage of the upstream laser Grab
bing the original profit of the module factory LIT is the same Let's talk about
him as a laser overlord To the upstream, he is transferring from buying a light
source to buying a light engine Directly into the customer's CPU plan No matter
how strong the plan is, it can't be done So there is a company in the upstream
that specializes in solving how to turn design into real goods FN is the TSMC
in the light communication field He doesn't have the best chip, but he has the
best high-end packaging and cohesion The 1.
6T module is very strict with precision FN's public-private collusion is his
most valuable support AAOI took another path Not at the forefront, but stable
mass production, cost control Especially suitable for large-capacity purchases
on the cloud A real-worker who belongs to the scale Looking at the bottom,
there are two easy to be ignored engineering basics TTMI solves the problem of
how the signal runs on the PCB The higher the speed, the more sensitive the
board damage and layer design No high-end PCB, no matter how good the chip runs
TTMI is also one of our must-buy stocks in 2026 From $66.
86 when it was launched to $134 this Thursday This profit is also successfully
doubled VRT solves heat dissipation and power supply After CPU and high-power
module supply Cooling and machine cabinet heat management have become rigid
from support Without it, the heat design of the entire system will collapse Let
's look at the bottom If the top decides whether to do it or not The middle
decides how to do it What the bottom really defines is whether it is worth
doing And how large it should be The bottom is not only in charge of budget It
is also the focus of the entire industry On this level, the first thing we need
to look at is Amazon, Microsoft Google and Meta, these four big cloud giants As
the most direct wallet in the chain Their capital expenditure of tens of
billions of dollars a year Directly determines the expansion rate of the light
communication industry But they are not just buyers It is also the final jud
gment of the technical route When they found that the traditional plan met with
bottlenecks in power consumption and density Will take the initiative to
promote the CPU Even more aggressive full-light Internet solution That is to
say, they not only determine the order amount It also determines the technical
edge of the winner And above these cloud manufacturers There is also a more
core architecture definition That is NVIDIA In the age of AI computing, NVIDIA
's role Has changed from chip supplier The chief designer of the computing
system It never sells isolated GPU But includes an exchange machine, an
Internet protocol And the entire set of light power specifications In 2026, N
VIDIA passed a deep investment in companies such as Marvel and COHR In fact, it
is the top and foremost 1.
6T capacity And specifications are closely related to their own architecture
This means that mid-range products must comply with NVIDIA's definition In
order to get tickets to the mainstream computing system And in the process of
demand and rules landing on the physical system There are two players behind it
One is a network device manufacturer such as ANET and CSCO They are responsible
for the integration of tens of thousands of light modules Into a stable neural
network Especially ANET's dominant Ethereum architecture Is the key to building
an open computing platform For cloud manufacturers to bypass the closed system
The other is the signal repair link represented by ALAB As the speed increases
to 1.
6T The power signal will be severely out of focus before entering the light
module Because the timer chip is like a signal refueling station It ensures
that the data will not crash before it is loaded So to sum up the bottom layer
You will find that it does not mean who sells how many devices It's about who's
defining the demand, who's restricting the system And who's ensuring the
physical operation of the entire architecture It is the addition of these three
forces That ultimately determines the top-level chip and the middle-level
package In the end, which direction to break through Okay, I see here I believe
you can already understand At least 80% of this game From the top-level light
chip and electric chip To the important scheme integration Secret manufacturing
and engineering base Then to the downstream cloud manufacturers, rule makers
Network device manufacturers and signal repair Who's monopolizing the whole
chain Who's pricing Who's deciding the rhythm of the next round of release It's
basically all clear to you If you have a certain term A certain link Or some
company's logic I still want to make a thorough move Two thousand likes I'm
going to make a special video The point that matters most to everyone Make it
clear from start to finish At the same time You are also welcome to leave your
opinion in the comments section In this round of communication Which company do
you like best?
Welcome to discuss in the comments section I'll see you next time